now the Lord spoke to Moses command to
now the Lord spoke to Moses command to the children of Israel and say to them
the children of Israel and say to them
the children of Israel and say to them my offering my food for my offerings
my offering my food for my offerings
my offering my food for my offerings made by fire as a sweet aroma to me you
made by fire as a sweet aroma to me you
made by fire as a sweet aroma to me you shall be careful to offer to me at their
shall be careful to offer to me at their
shall be careful to offer to me at their appointed time and you shall say to them
appointed time and you shall say to them
appointed time and you shall say to them this is the offering made by fire which
this is the offering made by fire which
this is the offering made by fire which you shall offer to the Lord
you shall offer to the Lord
you shall offer to the Lord - male lambs in their first year without
- male lambs in their first year without
- male lambs in their first year without blemish day by day as a regular burnt
blemish day by day as a regular burnt
blemish day by day as a regular burnt offering the one lamb you shall offer in
offering the one lamb you shall offer in
offering the one lamb you shall offer in the morning the other lamb you shall
the morning the other lamb you shall
the morning the other lamb you shall offer in the evening and one tenth of an
offer in the evening and one tenth of an
offer in the evening and one tenth of an ephah of fine flour as a grain offering
ephah of fine flour as a grain offering
ephah of fine flour as a grain offering mixed with 1/4 of a hint of pressed oil
mixed with 1/4 of a hint of pressed oil
mixed with 1/4 of a hint of pressed oil it is a regular burnt offering which was
it is a regular burnt offering which was
it is a regular burnt offering which was ordained at Mount Sinai for a sweet
ordained at Mount Sinai for a sweet
ordained at Mount Sinai for a sweet aroma an offering made by fire to the
aroma an offering made by fire to the
aroma an offering made by fire to the Lord and it's drink offering shall be
Lord and it's drink offering shall be
Lord and it's drink offering shall be 1/4 of a hidden for each lamb in a holy
1/4 of a hidden for each lamb in a holy
1/4 of a hidden for each lamb in a holy place
place
place you shall pour out the drink to the Lord
you shall pour out the drink to the Lord
you shall pour out the drink to the Lord as an offering the other lamb you shall
as an offering the other lamb you shall
as an offering the other lamb you shall offer in the evening as the morning
offer in the evening as the morning
offer in the evening as the morning grain offering and its drink offering
grain offering and its drink offering
grain offering and its drink offering you shall offer it as an offering made
you shall offer it as an offering made
you shall offer it as an offering made by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord and on
by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord and on
by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord and on the Sabbath day to lambs in their first
the Sabbath day to lambs in their first
the Sabbath day to lambs in their first year without blemish and two-tenths of
year without blemish and two-tenths of
year without blemish and two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour as a grain
an ephah of fine flour as a grain
an ephah of fine flour as a grain offering mixed with oil with its drink
offering mixed with oil with its drink
offering mixed with oil with its drink offering this is the burnt offering for
offering this is the burnt offering for
offering this is the burnt offering for every Sabbath besides the regular burnt
every Sabbath besides the regular burnt
every Sabbath besides the regular burnt offering with its drink offering at the
offering with its drink offering at the
offering with its drink offering at the beginnings of your months you shall
beginnings of your months you shall
beginnings of your months you shall present a burnt offering to the Lord to
present a burnt offering to the Lord to
present a burnt offering to the Lord to young bulls one Ram and seven lambs in
young bulls one Ram and seven lambs in
young bulls one Ram and seven lambs in their first year without blemish three
their first year without blemish three
their first year without blemish three tenths of an ephah of fine flour as a
tenths of an ephah of fine flour as a
tenths of an ephah of fine flour as a grain offering mixed with oil for each
grain offering mixed with oil for each
grain offering mixed with oil for each Bowl two-tenths of an ephah of fine
Bowl two-tenths of an ephah of fine
Bowl two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour as a grain offering mixed with oil
flour as a grain offering mixed with oil
flour as a grain offering mixed with oil for the one Ram and one tenth of an
for the one Ram and one tenth of an
for the one Ram and one tenth of an ephah of fine flour mixed with oil as a
ephah of fine flour mixed with oil as a
ephah of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering for each lamb as a burnt
grain offering for each lamb as a burnt
grain offering for each lamb as a burnt offering of sweet arrum an offering made
offering of sweet arrum an offering made
offering of sweet arrum an offering made by fire to the Lord their drink offering
by fire to the Lord their drink offering
by fire to the Lord their drink offering shall be half a hint of wine for a bowl
shall be half a hint of wine for a bowl
shall be half a hint of wine for a bowl 1/3 of a hint for a ram and 1/4 of a
1/3 of a hint for a ram and 1/4 of a
1/3 of a hint for a ram and 1/4 of a hint for a lamb
hint for a lamb
hint for a lamb this is the burnt offering for each
this is the burnt offering for each
this is the burnt offering for each month throughout the months of the year
month throughout the months of the year
month throughout the months of the year also one kid of the goats as a sin
also one kid of the goats as a sin
also one kid of the goats as a sin offering to the Lord shall be offered
offering to the Lord shall be offered
offering to the Lord shall be offered besides the regular burnt offering and
besides the regular burnt offering and
besides the regular burnt offering and it's drink offering on the 14th day of
it's drink offering on the 14th day of
it's drink offering on the 14th day of the first month is the Passover of the
the first month is the Passover of the
the first month is the Passover of the Lord and on the fifteenth day of this
Lord and on the fifteenth day of this
Lord and on the fifteenth day of this month is the feast unleavened bread
month is the feast unleavened bread
month is the feast unleavened bread shall be eaten for seven days on the
shall be eaten for seven days on the
shall be eaten for seven days on the first day you shall have a holy
first day you shall have a holy
first day you shall have a holy convocation you shall do no customary
convocation you shall do no customary
convocation you shall do no customary work and you shall present an offering
work and you shall present an offering
work and you shall present an offering made by fire as a burnt offering to the
made by fire as a burnt offering to the
made by fire as a burnt offering to the Lord to young bulls one ram and seven
Lord to young bulls one ram and seven
Lord to young bulls one ram and seven lambs in their first year be sure they
lambs in their first year be sure they
lambs in their first year be sure they are without blemish their grain
are without blemish their grain
are without blemish their grain offerings shall be of fine flour mixed
offerings shall be of fine flour mixed
offerings shall be of fine flour mixed with oil three tenths of an ephah you
with oil three tenths of an ephah you
with oil three tenths of an ephah you shall offer for a bowl and two tenths
shall offer for a bowl and two tenths
shall offer for a bowl and two tenths for a ram you shall offer one tenth of
for a ram you shall offer one tenth of
for a ram you shall offer one tenth of an ephah for each of the seven lands
an ephah for each of the seven lands
an ephah for each of the seven lands also one goat as a sin offering to make
also one goat as a sin offering to make
also one goat as a sin offering to make atonement for you you shall offer these
atonement for you you shall offer these
atonement for you you shall offer these besides the burnt offering of the
besides the burnt offering of the
besides the burnt offering of the morning which is for a regular burnt
morning which is for a regular burnt
morning which is for a regular burnt offering in this man you shall offer the
offering in this man you shall offer the
offering in this man you shall offer the food of the offering made by fire
food of the offering made by fire
food of the offering made by fire for seven days as a sweet aroma to the
for seven days as a sweet aroma to the
for seven days as a sweet aroma to the Lord it shall be offered besides the
Lord it shall be offered besides the
Lord it shall be offered besides the regular burnt offering and its drink
regular burnt offering and its drink
regular burnt offering and its drink offering and on the seventh day you
offering and on the seventh day you
offering and on the seventh day you shall have a holy convocation you shall
shall have a holy convocation you shall
shall have a holy convocation you shall do no customary work also on the day of
do no customary work also on the day of
do no customary work also on the day of the firstfruits when you bring a new
the firstfruits when you bring a new
the firstfruits when you bring a new grain offering to the Lord at your feast
grain offering to the Lord at your feast
grain offering to the Lord at your feast of weeks you shall have a holy
of weeks you shall have a holy
of weeks you shall have a holy convocation you shall do no customary
convocation you shall do no customary
convocation you shall do no customary work you shall present a burnt offering
work you shall present a burnt offering
work you shall present a burnt offering as a sweet aroma to the Lord to young
as a sweet aroma to the Lord to young
as a sweet aroma to the Lord to young bulls one Ram and seven lambs in their
bulls one Ram and seven lambs in their
bulls one Ram and seven lambs in their first year with their grain offering of
first year with their grain offering of
first year with their grain offering of fine flour mixed with oil three tenths
fine flour mixed with oil three tenths
fine flour mixed with oil three tenths of an ephah for each Bowl two tenths for
of an ephah for each Bowl two tenths for
of an ephah for each Bowl two tenths for the one ram and one tenth for each of
the one ram and one tenth for each of
the one ram and one tenth for each of the seven lambs also one kid of the
the seven lambs also one kid of the
the seven lambs also one kid of the goats to make a tournament for you be
goats to make a tournament for you be
goats to make a tournament for you be sure they are without blemish you shall
sure they are without blemish you shall
sure they are without blemish you shall present them with their drink offerings
present them with their drink offerings
present them with their drink offerings besides the regular burnt offering with
besides the regular burnt offering with
besides the regular burnt offering with its grain offering
its grain offering
its grain offering you